docs(readme): add typescript example (#105)
fastify/fastify-error: README.md

console.log(new CustomError('world')) // error.message => 'Hello world'
```

### TypeScript

> It's possible to limit your error constructor with TypeScript generic type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to limit your error constructor with a generic type using TypeScript:
```
